[ECOINT-146] Add Akamas integration (#2694)
DataDog/integrations-extras: akamas/README.md

# Akamas

## Overview

Akamas helps developers, DevOps, and SREs optimize application performance, reliability, and resource efficiency in Kubernetes environments. Akamas provides full-stack recommendations, from pod sizing and cluster autoscaling to JVM and Node.js heap and garbage collection settings.

With this integration, you can view Akamas-identified efficiency and reliability optimization opportunities directly within Datadog.

Akamas collects Kubernetes-related metrics from Datadog, covering both infrastructure (clusters, nodes, workloads) and applications (e.g., JVM and Node.js). It analyzes these metrics to identify optimization opportunities, which are then sent back to Datadog as events.

## Setup

1.  Log into your Akamas Insights instance.
2.  Navigate to **Datasources** > **Datadog**.

> 3.  Specify the [Datadog site parameter][1] (e.g. US1, EU1).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3.  Specify the [Datadog site parameter][1] (for example, US1 or EU1).
```

# Akamas

## Overview

> Akamas Insights helps developers, DevOps engineers, and SREs quickly identify cost inefficiencies and reliability issues in Kubernetes environments. It collects observability data from Datadog and analyzes workloads, application runtimes like the JVM and cluster behaviour to automatically identify optimization opportunities and generate easy-to-apply recommendations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Akamas Insights helps developers, DevOps engineers, and SREs identify cost inefficiencies and reliability issues in Kubernetes environments. It collects observability data from Datadog and analyzes workloads, application runtimes like the JVM, and cluster behavior to automatically identify optimization opportunities and generate recommendations.
```

**Cost Efficiency Analysis**

> detect issues like over-provisioned workloads, over-sized JVM heap memory, or inefficient cluster autoscaling behavior and estimate savings, so that you can focus on the biggest cost reduction opportunities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Detect issues like over-provisioned workloads, over-sized JVM heap memory, or inefficient cluster autoscaling behavior and estimate savings, so that you can focus on the biggest cost reduction opportunities.
```

**Reliability Risk Detection**

> Identifies risks like CPU throttling, out-of-memory kills or wrong JVM configurations that can cause out of memory kills or performance issues, so that you can fix the problem before they cause a production issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Identifies risks like CPU throttling, out-of-memory kills, or wrong JVM configurations that can cause out of memory kills or performance issues, so that you can fix the problem before they cause a production issue.
```

> **Compliance Issues Identification**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Compliance Issue Identification**
```

Detect issues like pods with no memory limits or JVM with default settings, so that you can educate all application teams using Kubernetes about configuration best practices to achieve efficiency and reliable applications.

> Akamas Insights delivers actionable recommendations that uniquely cover the full Kubernetes stack, including the pod resources, JVM options and providing visibility around cluster autoscaling efficiency. It requires no agents or other changes, making it easy to adopt within any existing Kubernetes environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Akamas Insights delivers actionable recommendations that cover the full Kubernetes stack, including the pod resources, JVM options, and cluster autoscaling. It requires no agents or other changes, making it easy to adopt within any existing Kubernetes environment.
```

## Setup

# Setting Up Akamas Insights Integration with Datadog

Connect your Akamas Insights platform to Datadog by following these simple steps:

1.  Log into your Akamas Insights instance
2.  Navigate to Integrations > Datadog
3.  Specify the Datadog region (EU or US)
4.  Enter your Datadog API key and Application key
5.  Click "Test Connection" to verify the integration is working

## Uninstallation

# Uninstalling Akamas Insights Integration with Datadog

> To stop using the integration just log into your Akamas Insights instance and delete the Datadog integration. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To stop using the integration, log into your Akamas Insights instance and delete the Datadog integration. 
```

## Overview

Akamas helps developers, DevOps, and SREs to easily optimize applications resource inefficiencies, performance and reliability issues in Kubernetes environments. Akamas uniquely provides full-stack recommendations, covering pod sizing, JVM and Node.js heap and GC options, and cluster autoscaling insights.

> Thanks to this integration, you can view Akamas identified efficiency and reliability optimization opportunities within the Datadog UI. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With this integration, you can view Akamas-identified efficiency and reliability optimization opportunities directly within Datadog. 
```

> Akamas collects metrics from Datadog related to your Kubernetes environment, including both infrastructure (cluster, nodes, workloads) and applications (e.g. JVM or Node.js). Akamas analyzes the collected metrics, identifies optimization opportunities and sends them to the Datadog platform as events.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Akamas collects Kubernetes-related metrics from Datadog, covering both infrastructure (clusters, nodes, workloads) and applications (e.g., JVM and Node.js). It analyzes these metrics to identify optimization opportunities, which are then sent back to Datadog as events.
```

## Setup

1.  Log into your Akamas Insights instance.

> 2.  Navigate to **Datasources** > **Datadog**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2.  Navigate to **Datasources** > **Datadog**.
```

> 3.  Specify the [Datadog site parameter][1] (e.g. US1, EU1..).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3.  Specify the [Datadog site parameter][1] (e.g., US1, EU1).
```

4.  Enter your Datadog API key and Application key.
5.  Click "Test Connection" to verify the integration is working.

## Uninstallation

1.  Log into your Akamas Insights instance.

> 2.  Navigate to **Datasources** > **Datadog**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2.  Navigate to **Datasources** > **Datadog**.
```

> 3.  Click the "Delete" button.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3.  Click **Delete**.
```
